docs: add vLLM embedder documentation (#222)
agno-agi/docs: concepts/knowledge/embedder/vllm.mdx

---
title: vLLM Embedder
---

vLLM Embedder supports both local and remote embedding model deployment with high-performance inference optimized for throughput and latency.

## Prerequisites

vLLM requires Python 3.8+ and GPU support for optimal performance.

Install vLLM:

```bash
pip install vllm
```

## Deployment Modes

vLLM Embedder supports two deployment modes:

### Local Mode

> Direct model loading with the vLLM library. No server required.

Reviewer: Please write with full sentences here...

```suggestion
You can directly load local models using the vLLM library, without any need to host a model on a server.
```

---
title: vLLM Embedder
sidebarTitle: vLLM
---

The vLLM Embedder provides high-performance embedding inference with support for both local and remote deployment modes. All models are downloaded from HuggingFace.

## Usage

### Local Mode

> You can directly load local models using the vLLM library, without any need to host a model on a server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can load local models directly using the vLLM library, without any need to host a model on a server.
```
